You wake up in a small room, four steel walls and a low ceiling. The room is almost pitch black, thankfully it happens that your kind can see quite well in the dark.
A few slivers of light poke through some rusted holes behind you, as well as through a few cracks around the edges of what appears to be a double door taking up almost the entire wall.
This might be an impressive feat had the wall not been so small.
The ground seems to shift and sway rhythmically beneath you, the familiar sensation of a ship bobbing about on the waves.
The floor of the room is covered in a thin layer of hay or straw, presumably for comfort?
Not exactly living it up in here is it?
You try to move.
*Clink*
Your hands are bound behind your back, the cold steel of a pair of manicles digging into your wrists.
Shit!
You start to think about how you're going to get out of this one.
Taking a look around, you realize you're not alone in here. There are three others chained down in a similar fashion to yourself.
Opposite you, a young coyote quietly sobs. Tears pour from her eyes as she seemingly does her best to shrink into the corner.
Beside her, a stocky dragon sits slumped against the steel wall. Thick golden-brown scales cover his sides as he gazes blankly off at seemingly nothing.
Finally, to your left, sits a rather irritated looking black and red honey badger. That is to say, the parts of her that aren't heavily augmented or replaced by clockwork.
The amber glow of the eyes behind her visor narrows as she notices you.
Yeah! Keep staring punk!!
Get a nice good look, see what happens.
Ahh! Finally awake are you?
Don't listen to her, she tried the same thing on ME would you beleive it!?
The dragon lets out a deep mirthful chuckle.
Shut your whore mouth!!
The dragon chuckles
Hey!
Would you two pipe down!?
I know this probably isn't the most relaxing cruise we've all been on. But fighting ain't gonna get us nowhere!
...
...
Whatever
Sure
Bonza...
Well...Hello everybody! My name is Kyu, it's nice to meet you all. I'd shake your hands but...
You shake your chains.
Now, unlike the looks of you lot this ain't the first time I've been chained to a wall (even if you don't count the times I did it with consent)
Point is, I reckon I can get us out of here. I just need to know a bit about what's going on.
However, first thing's first.
You there...
You doing okay?
...!?
*Sobs*
She turns to you, breathing heavily and wide-eyed with fear.
N-no!?
Of course I'm not okay!
Fair enough
We're gonna get you out of here though, okay?
She nods silently. Doubtful and clearly still shaken, but more hopeful than before.
Right. Listen up lads, if we're getting out of here I'm gonna need to know what you know.
You decide that the dragon seems the most amicable, and resolve to speak to him first.
So, big boi! What's your deal?
You decide to first speak to the protomaton, if for no other reason than to show you're not intimidated by her uncouth conduct.
So, who might you be, and how did you end up in this mess?
Who am I!?
Ach! As if my day couldn't get any worse now this fucker says they don't know who I am!
Typical!
She scoffs and turns to the rest of the room, as if for approval.
The others look at her blankly
She rolls her eyes, shaking her head a little in disbelief.
Uncultured swines.
Still...it makes sense I suppose.
The Kaxa'aad did all they could to shut me up...
Never thought they'd take it this far though.
Name's Tsuzu. I'm a musician.
Never heard of ya
Listen here you littl-
She's clearly the most distressed by the situation. Best to keep talking to her.
